# Repository for game development project
## Students
Gabriele Dominelli, Giairo Mauro, Sara Michel<br>

## Slime Time
The  story  we  want  to  tell  with  our  game  is  about  enemies.   But  not  the  usual  enemiesnor  the  good  ones,  instead  the  ones  who  always  get  killed  firstly  and  more  easily.   Ourmain characters are the slimes, they are simple creatures, in fact, they just want to be free,stronger, and not get always mistreated.  It all begins when a hero, a mighty one, appearsin the dungeon and loses a clock.  One of the slimes finds it and decide to pick it up, he’ssure that this kind of object is a very powerful and magical weapon.  He will use it againstthe boss of this dungeon,  from which he can’t get out.  After finding the clock,  the slimedecides to start his journey through the dungeon rooms, but after the first one he runs intosome difficulties and realizes he can’t make it alone. He chooses to meet with his other twofellow slimes and work together to reach and defeat the boss with the new weapon he foundearlier. Here is where the transmission happens in our game: the slimes create a chain, atthe end of each level a new slime continues the game, at this point the clock is given fromone slime to the other, only this way the weapon can be used to reach its destination andfight the boss.  When the last slime arrives in front of the boss, who threaten the slime andtells him to go back in the previous room, he wants to fight him and it is not intimidated bythe boss, he is sure he will win this battle. The slime uses the clock, but it doesn’t work as heexpected, in fact now he is back in the first room, with the slime who found the clock, lookingat him and saying “What are you doing here? Look I found this magic watch, a hero lost it.”And the slime shows the watch to the slime who just arrived. It was in this moment, that thetwo slimes realized that this clock wasn’t a weapon, but its function was to go back in time.At this point, the slimes resign themselves to stay in the dungeon, and wait for something orsomeone else to save them.

## Structure
- .exe: the executable file of the game.
- SlimeTime: folder in which there is the code of the game
